# Talentia Accoutning New UI Client Side Project 

This project is the client side part of a POC.

You can feed the project progress with TAC-2397 JIRA issue.

## Local deploy of this POC

- Compile and publish localy, TPL-TalentiaDashBoard feature/TAC-2397-3.6 branch
- Compile TAC-TalentiaAccounting feature/TAC-2397-3.6 branch
- Run accounting instance
- Compile the angular project 

The next command continuously compile and deploy the project. 
When you make a modification on code, use Ctrl+F5 on browser to see the changes.

```bash
ng build \
    --watch \
    --poll 2000 \
    --configuration=development \
    --output-path=/c/dev/projects/talentia-accounting/applications/iris.ear/iris.war/talentia-view-angular
```

## Restore old shell

Because everything is not implemented, sometime it can be useful to switch to the old shell.

In this case, in file talentia-accounting/applications/iris.ear/iris.war/dashboard.shell.jsp , search the next line

```java
boolean newDashboard = true;
```

Switch the value to of newDashboard to false.

## Architectural design

TAC backend provide an object representation of UI content (in json).

In other word each view are described by a meta-model. So views are dynamics.

The view angular template is generated in client side. 

Because of this choice, the angular client is executed in JIT compilation mode.

A component is created from the dynamic template and a module is loaded with this component.

To reduce the possibility of memory leaks (especially because there is no mechanism to unload a module in angular), a key is created to identify the componentFactory of an already encounted template.

A meaningful part of code :

```typescript
  getComponentFactory(template: string): Observable<ComponentFactory<any>> {
    const templateKey = crypto
      .createHash('md5')
      .update(template)
      .digest('hex');
    let subject = COMPONENT_FACTORY_OBSERVABLES[templateKey];
    if (!!subject) {
      return subject;
    }
    COMPONENT_FACTORY_OBSERVABLES[templateKey] = subject = new ReplaySubject<ComponentFactory<any>>(1);
    const component = Component({
      selector: `generated-component-${templateKey}`,
      template: template
    })(class AnonymousComponent {});
    const module = NgModule({
      id: `generated-module-${templateKey}`,
      declarations: [
        component
      ],
      imports: [ 
        TacModule
      ]
    })(class AnonymousModule {});
    this
      .compiler
      .compileModuleAsync(module)
      .then(moduleFactory => {
        const 
          moduleRef = moduleFactory.create(this.injector),
          componentFactory = moduleRef.componentFactoryResolver.resolveComponentFactory(component);
        subject.next(componentFactory);
        subject.complete();
      });  
    return subject;
  }
}
```
### Talentia Accounting Components

The new UI is based on core-components. 

Specific implementation is done by wrapping theses components into specific components which are accessibles from dynamic template view through the *tac* module.

To create a specific component use the command line above.

```bash
ng generate component \
  -p tac \
  -m tac \
  tac/my-specific-component-name
```

After that, **don't forget** to add it in tac-module exports array.

## Documentation Generated by Angular CLI

> I keep the generated documentation but maybe it is not very relevant.

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.1.1.

### Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

### Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

### Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

### Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

### Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

### Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
